samtools index GH01.bam
samtools index GH02.bam
samtools index GH04.bam
samtools index GH08.bam
samtools index GH16.bam
samtools index GH17.bam
samtools index GH18.bam
samtools index RAL-589.bam
samtools index B04.bam
samtools index B05.bam
samtools index B10.bam
samtools index B11.bam
samtools index B12.bam
samtools index B14.bam
samtools index B23.bam
samtools index B28.bam
samtools index B38.bam
samtools index B42.bam
samtools index B43.bam
samtools index B51.bam
samtools index B52.bam
samtools index B54.bam
samtools index B59.bam
samtools index I01.bam
samtools index I02.bam
samtools index I03.bam
samtools index I04.bam
samtools index I06.bam
samtools index I07.bam
samtools index I13.bam
samtools index I16.bam
samtools index I17.bam
samtools index I23.bam
samtools index I26.bam
samtools index I29.bam
samtools index I34.bam
samtools index I35.bam
samtools index I38.bam
samtools index N01.bam
samtools index N02.bam
samtools index N04.bam
samtools index N07.bam
samtools index N10.bam
samtools index N11.bam
samtools index N15.bam
samtools index N16.bam
samtools index N17.bam
samtools index N18.bam
samtools index N19.bam
samtools index N22.bam
samtools index N23.bam
samtools index N25.bam
samtools index N29.bam
samtools index N30.bam
samtools index T01.bam
samtools index T04.bam
samtools index T07.bam
samtools index T09.bam
samtools index T10.bam
samtools index T14A.bam
samtools index T22A.bam
samtools index T23.bam
samtools index T24.bam
samtools index T25A.bam
samtools index T29A.bam
samtools index T30.bam
samtools index T35.bam
samtools index T36B.bam
samtools index T39.bam
samtools index T43A.bam
samtools index T45B.bam
samtools index ZH23.bam
samtools index ZH26.bam
samtools index ZS10.bam
samtools index ZW09.bam
samtools index ZW139.bam
samtools index ZW140.bam
samtools index ZW142.bam
samtools index ZW144.bam
samtools index ZW155.bam
samtools index ZW177.bam
samtools index ZW184.bam
samtools index ZW185.bam
samtools index EA119.bam
samtools index EA3.bam
samtools index EA49.bam
samtools index EA71.bam
samtools index EA87.bam
samtools index EF120.bam
samtools index EF2.bam
samtools index EF39.bam
samtools index EF65.bam
samtools index EF78.bam
samtools index SD145.bam
samtools index SD45.bam
samtools index SD98.bam
samtools index FR14.bam
samtools index FR151.bam
samtools index FR180.bam
samtools index FR207.bam
samtools index FR217.bam
samtools index FR229.bam
samtools index FR310.bam
samtools index FR361.bam
samtools index FR70.bam
samtools index SP221.bam
samtools index SP241.bam
samtools index SP80.bam
samtools index RG10.bam
samtools index RG11N.bam
samtools index RG15.bam
samtools index RG19.bam
samtools index RG2.bam
samtools index RG21N.bam
samtools index RG22.bam
samtools index RG24.bam
samtools index RG25.bam
samtools index RG28.bam
samtools index RG3.bam
samtools index RG32N.bam
samtools index RG33.bam
samtools index RG34.bam
samtools index RG36.bam
samtools index RG38N.bam
samtools index RG5.bam
samtools index RG7.bam
samtools index RG9.bam
samtools index ZS37.bam
samtools index ZI91.bam
samtools index ZI157.bam
samtools index ZI188.bam
samtools index ZI250.bam
samtools index ZI184.bam
samtools index ZI181.bam
samtools index ZI103.bam
samtools index ZI400.bam
samtools index ZI198.bam
samtools index ZI129.bam
samtools index ZI200.bam
samtools index ZI202.bam
samtools index ZI313.bam
samtools index ZI173.bam
samtools index ZI126.bam
samtools index ZI252.bam
samtools index ZI199.bam
samtools index ZI182.bam
samtools index ZI138.bam
samtools index ZI348.bam
samtools index ZI10.bam
samtools index ZI206.bam
samtools index ZI413.bam
samtools index ZI314.bam
samtools index ZI136.bam
samtools index ZI170.bam
samtools index ZI176.bam
samtools index DRM71.bam
samtools index DRM70.bam
samtools index DRM6.bam
samtools index DRM69.bam
samtools index DRM14.bam
samtools index DRM68.bam
samtools index DRM67.bam
samtools index DRM63.bam
samtools index DRM61.bam
samtools index DRM60.bam
samtools index DRM59.bam
samtools index DRM58.bam
samtools index DRM57.bam
samtools index DRM13.bam
samtools index DRM51.bam
samtools index DRM50.bam
samtools index DRM4.bam
samtools index DRM46.bam
samtools index DRM44.bam
samtools index DRM43.bam
samtools index DRM42.bam
samtools index DRM9.bam
samtools index DRM99.bam
samtools index DRM98.bam
samtools index DRM96.bam
samtools index DRM95.bam
samtools index DRM94.bam
samtools index DRM93.bam
samtools index DRM92.bam
samtools index DRM17.bam
samtools index DRM90.bam
samtools index DRM8.bam
samtools index DRM85.bam
samtools index DRM84.bam
samtools index DRM83.bam
samtools index DRM82.bam
samtools index DRM81.bam
samtools index DRM7.bam
samtools index DRM78.bam
samtools index DRM15.bam
samtools index DRM76.bam
samtools index DRM75.bam
samtools index DRM74.bam
samtools index DRM73.bam
samtools index DRM72.bam
samtools index ZH13.bam
samtools index DRM37.bam
samtools index DRM12.bam
samtools index DRM36.bam
samtools index MC6.bam
samtools index MC4.bam
samtools index MC3.bam
samtools index MC2.bam
samtools index MC29.bam
samtools index DRM33.bam
samtools index MC28.bam
samtools index MC26.bam
samtools index MC25.bam
samtools index LZV15_30.bam
samtools index LZV15_20.bam
samtools index LZV15_18.bam
samtools index LZV15_02.bam
samtools index DRM1.bam
samtools index DRM19.bam
samtools index LZV_L70.bam
samtools index DRM26.bam
samtools index LZV_L69.bam
samtools index LZV_L66.bam
samtools index LZV_L63.bam
samtools index LZV_L60.bam
samtools index LZV_L58.bam
samtools index LZV_L56.bam
samtools index LZV_L55.bam
samtools index LZV_L54.bam
samtools index LZV_L52.bam
samtools index LZV_L44.bam
samtools index DRM25.bam
samtools index LZV_L43.bam
samtools index LZV_L39.bam
samtools index LZV_L37.bam
samtools index LZV_L36.bam
samtools index LZV_L32.bam
samtools index LZV_L30.bam
samtools index LZV_L27.bam
samtools index LZV_L24.bam
samtools index LZV_L23.bam
samtools index DRM23.bam
samtools index LZV_L15.bam
samtools index LZV_L14.bam
samtools index LZV_L134.bam
samtools index LZV_L131.bam
samtools index ZS8.bam
samtools index ZS6.bam
samtools index ZS5.bam
samtools index DRM39.bam
samtools index ZS56.bam
samtools index ZS53.bam
samtools index ZS49.bam
samtools index ZS40.bam
samtools index ZS30.bam
samtools index ZS29.bam
samtools index ZS2.bam
samtools index ZS11.bam
samtools index ZH42.bam
samtools index ZH40.bam
samtools index DRM38.bam
samtools index ZH33.bam
samtools index ZH32.bam
samtools index ZH29.bam
samtools index ZH27.bam
samtools index ZH21.bam
samtools index ZH20.bam
samtools index ZH19.bam
samtools index ZH18.bam
samtools index ZH16.bam
samtools index MC23.bam
samtools index MC22.bam
samtools index MC21.bam
samtools index MC20.bam
samtools index MC1.bam
samtools index MC19.bam
samtools index MC16.bam
samtools index DRM29.bam
samtools index MC15.bam
samtools index LZV_L95.bam
samtools index LZV_L93.bam
samtools index LZV_L91.bam
samtools index LZV_L89.bam
samtools index LZV_L88.bam
samtools index DRM27.bam
samtools index LZV_L82.bam
samtools index LZV_L81.bam
samtools index LZV_L79.bam
samtools index LZV_L77.bam
samtools index LZV_L76.bam
samtools index LZV_L75.bam
samtools index LZV_L74.bam
samtools index LZV_L73.bam
samtools index LZV_L71.bam
samtools index LZV_L129.bam
samtools index LZV_L128.bam
samtools index LZV_L126.bam
samtools index LZV_L125.bam
samtools index LZV_L101.bam
samtools index LZV_A9_L100.bam
samtools index LZV_A7.bam
samtools index LZV_A5.bam
samtools index LZV_A3.bam
samtools index LZV_A22.bam
samtools index LZV_A20.bam
samtools index LZV_A18.bam
samtools index DRM21.bam
samtools index LZV_A16.bam
samtools index LZV_A11.bam
samtools index LZV_A10.bam
samtools index LZV_83.bam
samtools index LZV_35.bam
samtools index LZV15_47.bam
samtools index LZV15_45.bam
samtools index LZV15_37.bam
samtools index DRM20.bam
samtools index DRM11.bam
samtools index ZI316.bam
samtools index ZI76.bam
samtools index ZI165.bam
samtools index ZI117.bam
samtools index SP254.bam
samtools index RG18N.bam
samtools index RG8.bam
samtools index SP173.bam
samtools index RG6N.bam
samtools index RG4N.bam
samtools index RG39.bam
samtools index SP235.bam
samtools index SP188.bam
samtools index RG13N.bam
samtools index ZI344.bam
samtools index ZI152.bam
samtools index ZI524.bam
samtools index ZI311N.bam
samtools index ZI241.bam
samtools index ZI172.bam
samtools index ZI134N.bam
samtools index ZI164.bam
samtools index ZI56.bam
samtools index ZI517.bam
samtools index ZI161.bam
samtools index ZI402.bam
samtools index ZI251N.bam
samtools index ZI405.bam
samtools index w56.bam
samtools index EA103N.bam
samtools index EA117N.bam
samtools index EA50N.bam
samtools index EG54N.bam
samtools index EG55N.bam
samtools index EG57N.bam
samtools index EG58N.bam
samtools index EG59N.bam
samtools index EA58N.bam
samtools index EG65N.bam
samtools index EG70N.bam
samtools index EG71N.bam
samtools index EG74N.bam
samtools index EG75N.bam
samtools index EG76N.bam
samtools index FR126N.bam
samtools index FR128N.bam
samtools index FR12N.bam
samtools index FR135N.bam
samtools index FR147N.bam
samtools index FR153N.bam
samtools index EA70N.bam
samtools index FR157N.bam
samtools index FR188N.bam
samtools index FR19N.bam
samtools index FR200N.bam
samtools index FR208N.bam
samtools index FR213N.bam
samtools index FR288N.bam
samtools index EA90N.bam
samtools index FR28N.bam
samtools index FR304N.bam
samtools index FR305N.bam
samtools index FR323N.bam
samtools index FR326N.bam
samtools index FR32N.bam
samtools index FR330N.bam
samtools index FR348N.bam
samtools index FR34N.bam
samtools index EA93N.bam
samtools index FR357N.bam
samtools index FR360N.bam
samtools index FR364N.bam
samtools index EF101N.bam
samtools index FR90N.bam
samtools index FR91N.bam
samtools index FR94N.bam
samtools index SD101N.bam
samtools index FR113N.bam
samtools index SD104N.bam
samtools index FR115N.bam
samtools index SD105N.bam
samtools index SD106N.bam
samtools index SD108N.bam
samtools index EF102N.bam
samtools index SD109N.bam
samtools index SD110N.bam
samtools index SD113N.bam
samtools index SD114N.bam
samtools index SD115N.bam
samtools index SD116N.bam
samtools index EF103N.bam
samtools index EF108N.bam
samtools index EF10N.bam
samtools index SD29N.bam
samtools index SD32N.bam
samtools index SD35N.bam
samtools index EF110N.bam
samtools index FR284N.bam
samtools index EF112N.bam
samtools index SD5N.bam
samtools index SD63N.bam
samtools index SD64N.bam
samtools index SD65N.bam
samtools index EF114N.bam
samtools index SD77N.bam
samtools index SD78N.bam
samtools index SP107N.bam
samtools index SP133N.bam
samtools index SP141N.bam
samtools index SP159N.bam
samtools index EF116N.bam
samtools index SP175N.bam
samtools index SP17N.bam
samtools index SP191N.bam
samtools index SP19N.bam
samtools index EA126N.bam
samtools index EF120N.bam
samtools index EF122N.bam
samtools index EF126N.bam
samtools index EF12N.bam
samtools index EA13N.bam
samtools index EF1N.bam
samtools index EF24N.bam
samtools index EF25N.bam
samtools index EF26N.bam
samtools index EA22N.bam
samtools index EF52N.bam
samtools index EF53N.bam
samtools index EA2N.bam
samtools index EF54N.bam
samtools index EF64N.bam
samtools index EF74N.bam
samtools index EA30N.bam
samtools index SD92N.bam
samtools index EF75N.bam
samtools index EF7N.bam
samtools index EF80N.bam
samtools index EF81N.bam
samtools index EF9N.bam
samtools index EG12N.bam
samtools index SP213N.bam
samtools index EG14N.bam
samtools index EG15N.bam
samtools index EG25N.bam
samtools index SP287N.bam
samtools index EG26N.bam
samtools index SP291N.bam
samtools index EA37N.bam
samtools index EG28N.bam
samtools index SP323N.bam
samtools index EG29N.bam
samtools index SP335N.bam
samtools index EG31N.bam
samtools index EG33N.bam
samtools index EG36N.bam
samtools index EG38N.bam
samtools index SP83N.bam
samtools index EG43N.bam
samtools index EG44N.bam
samtools index ZI104.bam
samtools index ZI167.bam
samtools index ZI114N.bam
samtools index ZI118N.bam
samtools index ZI185.bam
samtools index ZI352.bam
samtools index RAL-319.bam
samtools index RAL320.bam
samtools index RAL321.bam
samtools index RAL-352.bam
samtools index RAL-354.bam
samtools index RAL385.bam
samtools index RAL-195.bam
samtools index RAL217.bam
samtools index RAL21.bam
samtools index RAL223.bam
samtools index RAL227.bam
samtools index RAL228.bam
samtools index RAL-235.bam
samtools index RAL239.bam
samtools index RAL-256.bam
samtools index RAL280.bam
samtools index RAL287.bam
samtools index RAL-101.bam
samtools index RAL-356.bam
samtools index RAL370.bam
samtools index RAL-136.bam
samtools index RAL377.bam
samtools index RAL367.bam
samtools index RAL355.bam
samtools index RAL158.bam
samtools index RAL-149.bam
samtools index RAL142.bam
samtools index RAL-382.bam
samtools index RAL40.bam
samtools index RAL42.bam
samtools index RAL45.bam
samtools index RAL461.bam
samtools index RAL491.bam
samtools index RAL-49.bam
samtools index RAL505.bam
samtools index RAL508.bam
samtools index RAL509.bam
samtools index RAL513.bam
samtools index RAL-528.bam
samtools index RAL530.bam
samtools index RAL531.bam
samtools index RAL-535.bam
samtools index RAL818.bam
samtools index RAL-819.bam
samtools index RAL822.bam
samtools index RAL832.bam
samtools index RAL843.bam
samtools index RAL850.bam
samtools index RAL879.bam
samtools index RAL882.bam
samtools index RAL887.bam
samtools index RAL892.bam
samtools index RAL911.bam
samtools index RAL-913.bam
samtools index RAL703.bam
samtools index RAL716.bam
samtools index RAL75.bam
samtools index RAL761.bam
samtools index RAL783.bam
samtools index RAL787.bam
samtools index RAL790.bam
samtools index RAL796.bam
samtools index RAL804.bam
samtools index RAL805.bam
samtools index RAL596.bam
samtools index RAL-627.bam
samtools index RAL-73.bam
samtools index RAL229.bam
samtools index RAL306.bam
samtools index RAL801.bam
samtools index RAL900.bam
samtools index RAL208.bam
samtools index RAL427.bam
samtools index RAL486.bam
samtools index RAL517.bam
samtools index RAL-57.bam
samtools index RAL705.bam
samtools index RAL-712.bam
samtools index RAL727.bam
samtools index RAL-737.bam
samtools index RAL757.bam
samtools index RAL859.bam
samtools index RAL897.bam
samtools index GH05.bam
samtools index GH06.bam
samtools index GH09.bam
samtools index GH10.bam
samtools index GH11.bam
samtools index GH12.bam
samtools index GH14.bam
samtools index GH15.bam
samtools index W23.bam
samtools index w26.bam
samtools index w33.bam
samtools index w35.bam
samtools index w36.bam
samtools index w37.bam
samtools index w38.bam
samtools index w40.bam
samtools index w43.bam
samtools index w47.bam
samtools index w49.bam
samtools index w50.bam
samtools index w52.bam
samtools index w60.bam
samtools index w63.bam
samtools index w64.bam
samtools index w66.bam
samtools index w67.bam
samtools index w68.bam
samtools index w69.bam
samtools index w74.bam
samtools index w76.bam
samtools index w79.bam
samtools index w80.bam
samtools index w82.bam
samtools index w84.bam
samtools index w86.bam
samtools index w87.bam
samtools index w114.bam